Where is this?
Am I dead?
It seems that it can only go so far
It turns out that when people die
All alone
HAOXUAN
Fighting against the demons
The burden falls on you alone
Thank you
Dad
I've done my best.
But still
It doesn't matter.
In the eyes of my mother
You were never that high-ranking immortal lord
As long as you know that you are your mother's daughter, it is enough
Dad
mother
My daughter can only accompany you here
I can be your daughter for the rest of my life
Is the happiest thing for me
Sorry.
Master failed to protect you well
What did you say, master?
Not your words
We've already become ghosts
All our skills are taught by you
It is our pleasure to be your disciple
Wait for me.
I'll come to you soon.
I have experienced disaster in this life
Feel the affection in reincarnation
Witness the injustice in the world
I want to make the last sword for the world
It turns out that my third cultivation base
Here it is.
How could he?
Why are you not dead yet?